# Sprint-Review-Retrospective

This is the sprint review for developing a niche vacation booking system for SHNU Travel. The goal of developing the system was to expand there audience in North America.

User needs are interpreted by understanding the audience for the application. We can understand the audience through research, interviews, and other methods. Then, you can analyze the information to find common themes and prioritize the needs of the users. Once there is a clear understanding of the user's needs, you can begin to design a program that addresses those needs. A user story is a brief description of a user's needs written from their perspective. User stories help understand the specific needs of the users, and this information can guide the software's design. They can also be used to prioritize features and functions based on their importance to the user. The best approach for developing a program is based on the size and complexity of the project, the needs and goals of the users, and the resources and constraints of the development team. The agile processes I hope to incorporate in my future development include working in sprints and focusing on collaboration. When working in short sprints you can deliver value to your users more quickly, and by focusing on collaboration you can improve the overall quality of your software. Being a good team member in a software development team includes being responsible, a good communicator, and being open to feedback. It's important to be responsible because you must be counted on to do your share of the work and meet the team's commitments. Effective communication skills are important because you need to effectively communicate ideas and feedback to other team members. An open to feedback is important because you need to be open to making changes and improvements based on that feedback. 
